UPGRADE.md, before:

## UPGRADE FOR `1.9.x`

### FROM `1.8.x` TO `1.9.x`

- `translations`:

If you are using translations, the default locale provider `sylius.translation_locale_provider.immutable` is using two new translation options.

```yaml
sylius_resource:
    translation:
        available_locales: ['en']
        default_locale: 'en'
```

Before `1.9.x` it was configured with `%locale%` parameter.
If you still use this `%locale%`parameter, you can configure translation like this:

```yaml
sylius_resource:
    translation:
        available_locales: ['%locale%']
        default_locale: '%locale%'
```

## UPGRADE FOR `1.7.x`

### FROM `1.6.x` TO `1.7.x`

#### Dependencies

- `jms/serializer` and `jms/serializer-bundle` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their upgrade process for [the component](https://github.com/schmittjoh/serializer/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#from-2x-to-300) 
  and [the bundle](https://github.com/schmittjoh/JMSSerializerBundle/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#upgrading-from-2x-to-30);
  if you're getting errors about serializing the entity manager, consider changing the serialized type
  from `array` to `iterable` for Doctrine collections in your models

- `friendsofsymfony/rest-bundle` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSRestBundle/blob/3.x/UPGRADING-3.0.md);
  if you're using this bundle to render HTML templates as well, replace it with direct calls to Twig
  and handle only the REST logic via this bundle ([see this PR for more](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle/pull/167/files))
  
- `willdurand/hateoas` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/willdurand/Hateoas/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#from-2120-to-300)
  
- from `white-october/pagerfanta-bundle` `^1.0` to `babdev/pagerfanta-bundle` `^2.5`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/BabDev/PagerfantaBundle/blob/2.x/UPGRADE-2.0.md#migrate-from-whiteoctoberpagerfantabundle-1x-to-babdevpagerfantabundle-20)  

- `doctrine/persistence` from `1.x` to `2.x` (if applicable):
  
  replace `Doctrine\Common\Persistence` with `Doctrine\Persistence` in your codebase

#### Example

You can find an exemplary upgrade to this version of ResourceBundle on Sylius repository in [this PR](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/12084).

## UPGRADE FOR `1.3.x`

### FROM `1.3.x` TO `1.3.13`

If you're using an "Accept" HTTP header to set the serialization groups, you need to define allowed groups
either by passing them as default in `serialization_groups` setting or marking them as allowed in 
`allowed_serialization_groups` setting, both settings are set in the route definition (under `_sylius` key).

Commit message:

Improve DX with existing parameters

UPGRADE.md, after:

## UPGRADE FOR `1.9.x`

### FROM `1.8.x` TO `1.9.x`

- `translations`:

If you are using translations, the default locale provider `sylius.translation_locale_provider.immutable` is using two new translation options.

```yaml
sylius_resource:
    translation:
        enabled_locales: []
        default_locale: null
```

Before `1.9.x` it was configured with `%locale%` parameter.
If you still use this `%locale%`parameter, you can configure translation like this:

```yaml
sylius_resource:
    translation:
        enabled_locales: ['%locale%']
        default_locale: '%locale%'
```

If you still use this `%kernel.default_locale%` and `%kernel.enabled_locales%` parameters, you can configure translation like this:


```yaml
sylius_resource:
    translation:
        enabled_locales: ['%locale%']
        default_locale: '%locale%'
```

## UPGRADE FOR `1.7.x`

### FROM `1.6.x` TO `1.7.x`

#### Dependencies

- `jms/serializer` and `jms/serializer-bundle` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their upgrade process for [the component](https://github.com/schmittjoh/serializer/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#from-2x-to-300) 
  and [the bundle](https://github.com/schmittjoh/JMSSerializerBundle/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#upgrading-from-2x-to-30);
  if you're getting errors about serializing the entity manager, consider changing the serialized type
  from `array` to `iterable` for Doctrine collections in your models

- `friendsofsymfony/rest-bundle` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSRestBundle/blob/3.x/UPGRADING-3.0.md);
  if you're using this bundle to render HTML templates as well, replace it with direct calls to Twig
  and handle only the REST logic via this bundle ([see this PR for more](https://github.com/Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle/pull/167/files))
  
- `willdurand/hateoas` from `2.x` to `3.x`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/willdurand/Hateoas/blob/master/UPGRADING.md#from-2120-to-300)
  
- from `white-october/pagerfanta-bundle` `^1.0` to `babdev/pagerfanta-bundle` `^2.5`:
  
  follow their [upgrade process](https://github.com/BabDev/PagerfantaBundle/blob/2.x/UPGRADE-2.0.md#migrate-from-whiteoctoberpagerfantabundle-1x-to-babdevpagerfantabundle-20)  

- `doctrine/persistence` from `1.x` to `2.x` (if applicable):
  
  replace `Doctrine\Common\Persistence` with `Doctrine\Persistence` in your codebase

#### Example

You can find an exemplary upgrade to this version of ResourceBundle on Sylius repository in [this PR](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/12084).

## UPGRADE FOR `1.3.x`

### FROM `1.3.x` TO `1.3.13`

If you're using an "Accept" HTTP header to set the serialization groups, you need to define allowed groups
either by passing them as default in `serialization_groups` setting or marking them as allowed in 
`allowed_serialization_groups` setting, both settings are set in the route definition (under `_sylius` key).
