docs/state_machine.md, before:

# Configuring a state machine

You can either use [Symfony workflow](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/workflow.html) or [Winzou state machine](https://github.com/winzou/StateMachineBundle).
The recommended way is to use the `Symfony workflow component`.

If only Symfony workflow is on your requirements you have nothing to do.

But you can configure it explicitly:

## Configuring Symfony workflow as state machine`

```yaml
sylius_resources:
    settings:
        state_machine_component: symfony
```

## Configuring Winzou as state machine`

If Winzou state machine is on your requirements you have nothing to do even if Symfony workflow is on your requirements too.

But you can configure it explicitly:

```yaml
sylius_resources:
    settings:
        state_machine_component: winzou
```

## Applying a transition`

You can create a route to apply any transition

```yaml
app_pull_request_apply_transition:
    path: /pull-requests/{id}/{transition}
    methods: [PUT]
    defaults:
        _controller: app.controller.pull_request:applyStateMachineTransitionAction
        _sylius:
            state_machine:
                # graph: app_pull_request # Needed for Winzou state machine
                transition: $transition
```

Commit message:

Configure workflow name for Symfony

docs/state_machine.md, after:

# Configuring a state machine

You can either use [Symfony workflow](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/workflow.html) or [Winzou state machine](https://github.com/winzou/StateMachineBundle).
The recommended way is to use the `Symfony workflow component`.

If only Symfony workflow is on your requirements you have nothing to do.

But you can configure it explicitly:

## Configuring Symfony workflow as state machine`

```yaml
sylius_resources:
    settings:
        state_machine_component: symfony
```

## Configuring Winzou as state machine`

If Winzou state machine is on your requirements you have nothing to do even if Symfony workflow is on your requirements too.

But you can configure it explicitly:

```yaml
sylius_resources:
    settings:
        state_machine_component: winzou
```

## Applying a transition`

You can create a route to apply any transition

```yaml
app_pull_request_apply_transition:
    path: /pull-requests/{id}/{transition}
    methods: [PUT]
    defaults:
        _controller: app.controller.pull_request:applyStateMachineTransitionAction
        _sylius:
            state_machine:
                #graph: pull_request # name of the graph for Winzou or workflow name for Symfony (optional)
                transition: $transition
```
